Problem:
	Creating a program that prompts the user to enter a word less than 100 characters in length and reverses it using a single recursive function.
	
Input:
	- An array of characters as an input word
	- A Y or N character for if wanting to continue

Output:
	- Welcome and goodbye message
	- The array of characters entered reversed back to the user
	- Question asking the player if he or she would like to continue
	- Invalid input response if the player puts in something other than Y or N
	
Step-by-Step:
	1.Welcome the player to the word reversal program.
	2.In a loop while the player chooses continue, have the player enter a word that is 100 characters or less.
	3.Use a single recursive function (reversedWord) with parameters of the word and string length of word (size) to reverse the array of characters of the entered word.
		 a) If the word entered is the base case(size is less than or equal to length of word minus size), do nothing as the word is already reversed.
		 b) If the word is any length greater than base case, use recursion to begin switching the letters outside in.
			i)Set a temporary variable equal to the value of the length of the inputted word minus size.
			ii)Set the value of the length of the inputted word subtracting the size equal to the value of the inputted word's size minus one.
			iii)Set the value of the inputted word at a size minus one equal to the temporary character.
		 	iv)Continue reversing the letters until the base case is reached by continuing to call back the reversedWord function with a size minus one.
	4.Display the reversed word to the player.
	5.Ask the player if he or she would like to continue through the character inputs of Y or N in a while loop.
		a)If player enters Y(yes), continue the main loop by allowing a new word to be entered that will be reversed.
		b)If player enters N(no), thank the player for playing and terminate.
		c)If player enters and invalid input, inform them and allow Y or N to be entered again repeating the continue while loop.