Problem:
	Creating a text-based game that prompts the user with various questions that must be responded to correctly to continue through the multiple branches.
	
Input: 
	Player's name and answers to the following: two mathematical questions, question asking for the user's favorite color, and question asking the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow.
	
Output: 
	Welcome response to the player after entering his or her name along with a correct or incorrect response to the player depending on the input to each question. Correct answers move forward while incorrect ones result in a "Cast into the Gorge of Eternal Peril!"
	
Step-by-Step:
	1. Welcome the player to the texted-based game.
	2. Allow the player to input his or her name.
		a. Refer to the player by this name with the prefix "Sir" for the remainder of the game.
	3. Ask the player for the answer to the mathematical query 2 + 3.
	4. Allow the player to enter a response.
	5. Analyze response entered.
		a. If entered response is correct (5), the player moves to next question after a confirmation message.
		b. If entered response is incorrect, the player loses, and the game ends here with a taunt.
	6. Ask the player for the answer to the mathematical expression 2 + 5 * 3 / (9 + 3)
	7. Allow the player to enter a response.
	8. Analyze response entered.
		a. If entered response is correct (3.25), the player moves to the next question after a confirmation message.
		b. If entered response is incorrect, the player loses and the game ends here with a taunt.
	9. Ask the player for favorite color.
	10. Allow the player to enter a response.
	11. Analyze response entered.
		a. If entered response is correct (Blue or blue), the player moves to the next question after a confirmation message.
		b. If entered response is incorrect, the player loses and the game ends here with a taunt.
	12. Ask the player for the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow.
	13. Allow the player to enter a response.
	14. Analyze response entered.
		a. If entered response is correct(odd number), the player wins after "I, I don't know that!" message.
		b. If response is incorrect, the player loses and the game ends here with a taunt.
	15. Congratulate and thank the player for playing.
